Upon downloading and launching HumanVsZombies,
the user is presented with a Main Menu which hosts 3 buttons: Play, Settings, and Highscores. 
At the top right there is also a red X, and when the user clicks it the game application closes completely.

From the Main Menu, if the user clicks Settings, they are taken to the Settings page, 
which has 3 buttons: Music, Sound, and Back. 
If the user clicks the Music button, the background music for the application is turned on or off, 
depending on the state it was in before. 
Similarly, if the  user clicks the Sound button, the sound effects during gameplay are turned on or off.
Finally, if the user clicks Back, they are taken back to the Main Menu. 

From the Main Menu, if the user clicks Highscores, they are taken to the Highscores page. 
This page displays the top 3 scores achieved during previous gameplay. 
There are also 2 buttons: Main Menu and Reset. 
If the user clicks Reset, all of the high scores are reset to zero.
If the user clicks Main Menu, they are taken back to the Main Menu. 

From the Main Menu, the user can click Play to enter gameplay. 
The objective of the game is to get the highest score possible
by killing as many zombies and surviving for as long as possible. 

During gameplay, the user can move the player around by using the arrow or WASD keys. 
If the player is not holding a weapon and moves to a weapon placed on the map, 
then the player will be able to attack the zombies with the weapon. 
The weapon's remaining ammo is indicated by a red bar at the bottom middle of the screen.

The player can aim the weapon by moving the mouse,
as indicated by the crosshair which encircles the player. 
The player can fire ammo by clicking the mouse. 
If the ammo reaches a zombie, then that zombie sustains damage. 
Each weapon's ammo damages zombies differently, eventually killing them. 
When the player runs out of ammo, they drop the weapon. 

New waves are triggered when the player reaches certain scores, 
at which point more zombies are spawned on the map
and a new weapon is also spawned on the map. 
The new weapon does less damage to zombies than the weapon which spawned from the previous wave.

The user can pause the game at any time by clicking the Esc key on their keyboard. 
This displays 3 buttons to the user: Resume, Settings, and Quit to Main Menu. 
If the user clicks Settings, they are brought to a page which operates the same as already described above. 
If the user clicks Quit to Main Menu, gameplay is terminated and the user is brought back to the Main Menu. 
If the user clicks Resume, the game is unpaused and resumes as normal. 

The player loses health when they touch a zombie, 
as indicated by the green health bar at the bottom middle of the screen. 
Once the player touches a zombie 3 times, the player's health is completely drained
and the player has lost the game. 
At this point, a Game Over menu is displayed, which contains the options to Replay or Exit. 
If the user clicks Replay, they are brought back to the Main Menu. 
If the user clicks Exit, the game application closes completely. 

Thanks for reading and enjoy the game!
